New Dataset Post (#48)
agude/agude.github.io: _drafts/2020-11-23-switrs_sqlite_hosted_dataset.md

newer ones:

```sql
-- Select all from 2020
CREATE TABLE outputdb.case_ids AS 
SELECT case_id, '2020' AS db_year
FROM db20.collision;

-- Now add the rows that don't match from earlier databases, in
-- reverse chronological order so that the newer rows are not
-- overwritten.
INSERT INTO outputdb.case_ids
SELECT * FROM (
    SELECT older.case_id, '2018'
    FROM db18.collision AS older
    LEFT JOIN outputdb.case_ids AS prime
    ON prime.case_id = older.case_id
    WHERE prime.case_id IS NULL
);

-- and the same for 2017 and 2016
```

Then I selected the rows from the collision records, part records, and victim
records that matched for each year:

```sql
CREATE TABLE outputdb.collision AS
SELECT *
FROM db20.collision;

INSERT INTO outputdb.collision
SELECT * FROM (
    SELECT col.*
    FROM db18.collision AS col
    INNER JOIN outputdb.case_ids AS ids
    ON ids.case_id = col.case_id
    WHERE ids.db_year = '2018'
);

-- and similarly for 2017 and 2016, and
-- for party records and victim records
```

The [script to do this is here][script].

[script]: https://github.com/agude/SWITRS-to-SQLite/blob/master/scripts/combine_databases.sql

### Using the dataset

> With the dataset hosted, it is trivial to reproduce the work I did when I

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the hosted dataset, it is simple to reproduce the work I did when I
```

announced the data converter script: [plotting the location off all crashes in
California][s2s_plot].

[s2s_plot]: {% post_url 2016-11-01-switrs_to_sqlite %}#crash-mapping-example

Just download the data, unzip it, and run the [notebook][notebook] ([rendered

> on Github][rendered]). This will produce this plot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on Github][rendered]). This will produce the following plot:
```
